Hey all right what is up everybody
welcome to the final hour of the impact
24 hour marathon actually made it I
can't believe this actually went wave
but when I think back to when I started
right me too yeah but it feels like a
long time ago and I think I just know
that like time happened time did happen
a lot of time is happen at it and here
we are guys we cannot tell you we are so
grateful for everything that you've done
to help this community race to a hundred
thousand likes on Facebook
we are insanely grateful and really
really grateful for the way that you
guys support each other the way that you
guys really interact with us interact
with the content share the content it is
incredibly meaningful to us and
important to the long-term vision of the
company as you guys well known all right
as promised I said that I would answer
every question that came in by 6 a.m.
this morning so we've got them locked in
we have 34 I think questions to get
through let's see and how we do yep so
alright say what that feat eyes that
live feed yeah all right so here we go
we're gonna get through these because I
have another podcast to do at 10:00 so
we're gonna make magic happen these are
gonna be some of the best answers ever
just as a reminder we've got a grand
prize coming your way this prize is
massive it's all the 24 smaller prizes
that we've been doing through all the
segments all through the day and night
and put into one big grand prize 2k
worth of value this is a big bad yeah
mama JAMA and if you want to win you
have to correctly identify the seven
Easter eggs that we have planted
throughout the entire feed and full
disclosure while I have been changing my
shirt throughout the impact a thon they
are not the easter eggs
so you don't need to send that in my
outfits perfectly well said alright or
the dogs yes another thing that we're
dressed randomly so we thought people
might think so no none of those all
right the giveaway question
name all of the special guests from this
livestream name all of the special
guests from this livestream to win this
segments basket of goodness absolutely
so here is the basket of goodness you
got Ryan holidays book the daily stoic
you've got panda planner you've got QA a
day you've got an Amazon echo dot quest
products impact Theory swag all manner
of goodness alright we're now officially
in yes Kari our first question comes
from Curran Davis when does it make the
most sense to retain a media company
from wait yeah from the get-go or after
you've reached a certain metric so this
really comes down to what you're trying
to accomplish what your budget is quite
frankly because that's a very real
consideration something to focus on as
you're making that decision I think
there's so much that you can do when
you're by yourself and I think that you
can probably get pretty big long before
you need to do that and also as I
imagine budget is a constraint you want
to be having an eye towards monetization
and to not get yourself into trouble I
would say really only invest the amount
of money into it that you're willing to
lose entirely and then up to that point
you've got to turn profitability so
whether that's going to be advertising
on your channel depending on which
platform you're building whether that's
going to be doing sponsorships with
brands like whatever that is whatever
your niche is whatever the value
proposition that you're bringing to the
world is but you need to find a way to
monetize that otherwise it becomes just
a sinkhole for cash all right this next
one comes from Laura Kay Chamberlin do
you think it's better it's a better
strategy to invest a lot of time in
building a YouTube channel and related
brand today behind the curve or to keep
building that brand with less fervor and
focus on diving deep into getting
amazing at using my skills and passions
in the world of VR where where I'd be
more ahead of the general public so I
can offer excellence when it come
becomes mainstream so I will say this
tomorrow someone is gonna start a
YouTube page and in the next 12 months
it is gonna be a phenom it will blow
past a million subscribers and it will
all happen because that person is
insanely talented they spent a very long
time getting incredibly good at
something and they'll know how to
deliver value to other people and get
picked up by somebody who's an
influencer who really wants to share
their incredible talent with the world
so I promise you
virality is still gonna happen every
day and I mean at the channel
level I'm not just talking like a single
one-off video so understanding that
where I thought you were gonna go is to
say should I spend all my time and
energy building my talents in the area
that I really care most deeply and
passionately about versus trying to
build a following and I would say focus
all of your time and energy on the
talents that you want to be really great
in that you want to be world-class in if
once you start thinking about what it
where am I ahead of the curve and all
that and it's not an area specifically
focused on like your deepest passion so
if your passion is which you alluded to
is VR don't worry about whether it's
ahead of the curve or not worry about
the fact that you love it and you want
to help bring that medium to the world
and oh by the way it's a great added
bonus that you happen to be ahead of the
curve but I would not in any way shape
or form let that be my driving factor if
I did that we wouldn't have launched
this channel there were plenty of people
doing stuff in this space I mean Jesus
the mindset space is about as crowded
this is gonna get the protein bar space
is about as crowded as it was gonna get
me you can absolutely shine in that and
I think that we've we've come from
behind and built I mean we're already
like approaching 300,000 if we haven't
already crossed that mark ecosystem wide
and we did that in like nine months so
this is in fact lesson one nine months
so this is something that is very very
possible to do if you focus on putting
out high quality content so follow that
thing that you want to be the best in
the world at chase that perfect so this
next one comes from Micky Jackson what
is your schedule to work how did you
create it do you do different days for
different things or a little of
something each day so it is all about
having an important things list and this
really comes down to specificity of
goal once you know exactly what your
goal is and I'll give you an example of
a terrible goal I want to build a studio
okay that's a terrible goal that's so
nonspecific like that's so big and so
far away like what are those steps that
you back into that I'm not saying that's
not ultimately where you're gonna get
but what are you gonna be doing to date
and finding a way to create the concrete
steps that are gonna bridge between you
and building a studio before I would be
comfortable calling us a studio I'm
gonna guess it's gonna take about three
years so you've got a note like what do
you what do you like that's three years
of going all-out every day trying to
make as many partnerships as I can
trying to do as many crazy events like
this as we can going out meeting people
face-to-face travelling building out
contracts getting people to submit
painting a vision networking I mean
there's so many things you can be doing
and so you've got to be really religious
about keeping a important things list
which are the daily tasks that are
completable they're not like esoteric
it's not thinking about things it's
actually doing things in order to take
the steps towards that goal now that's a
whole thing and at some point I
should figure out how to explain to
people how I do that because I think
that would be very very valuable and
right now I'm just telling them to do
that so that's something we should write
down Amanda but that that really is we
have to do you have to get very good at
identifying what those steps are and
execute on a day-to-day basis perfect so
the next one comes from Michelle penny
what's your advice for when you find
yourself in a situation where you're
isolated from those who can inspire and
Drive you forward should you look to
create it for yourself via audio books
podcasts videos etc or is it all
actually an excuse and you shouldn't
need others to kick you into action
I mean look anytime that you can find
this entirely within yourself that's
amazing but I would never be tends to go
out and leverage the content that
somebody is creating to spark something
in you and to take action but the
problem is where people get lost in the
omentum so hyped I love this video is
amazing and that feels so good then they
take all the time that they had to
execute against something they got
inspired and then they went to work at
their 9:00 to 5:00
right and so every morning to feel that
drudgery the dread I don't want to go in
so I'm gonna watch these inspiring
videos make me feel like I can do
anything and then I leave for work so
you really have to be discipline and so
if you say let's say you've got an hour
and that's all the time you've got and
you're really just not feeling it set an
alarm for 10 minutes go get inspired and
then for the remaining 50 minutes
execute the out of it now that
you've caught that wave but the the
reality is what you need is that roadmap
so once you've created the roadmap of
hyper specific executable action items
which are actually going to move you
towards your goal then you should be
spending all of your time just chipping
away chipping away chipping away
chipping away and only allowing yourself
to really feel good when you execute on
something when you finish something when
you take a task all the way to
completion works like okay that brick is
now laid in this foundation and I can
lay that next brick and when you begin
to chemically reward yourself by you
know praising yourself internally then
man then it really gets special because
instead of always turning to the
motivational stuff or the educational
stuff you do a little bit of that and a
whole ton of the executing and the ton
of executing feels good like I will tell
you I actually start getting anxious if
I go too long without looking at my
important things list I get anxious if I
go too long without actually moving
those things forward because I know
those are the only things that move the
company forward as a whole so execute
execute execute super succinct all right
so this next one question comes from
Travis Porter Dane Lyon do you ever take
into account how the realities of
climate change mass extinction and other
major social issues play into your
mission
that's super deep I would say that it's
at the absolute farthest outer reaches
of my awareness there will come a time
where that will make sense when we're
having to actually make decisions about
how we're gonna set things up how we're
going to structure it what our carbon
footprint is going to be what the impact
is that we're gonna have on that right
now we're not putting out that kind of
physical stuff so yeah I'd be lying if I
said that that was a priority for us
right now this next one comes from
Gabriel
Broly Tom you said that you meet
yourself when you suffer and it's great
to make calculated pockets of suffering
that will help you move towards your
goals thus you created this impact athon
to suffer and give back to the community
so what are what are your takeaways from
this 24 hours what did you learn about
yourself and what did you learn about
the team and the community well let's
start with what yeah let's start with
what I learned about the team and in all
fairness the team is my priority and I
hope that makes you guys feel good I
hope that really resonates with you guys
I think that it will
I learned something amazing about the
team I did not ask a single person to
join me in this crazy endeavor certainly
not for 24 hours I figured we kind of
schedule things out I'm gonna be one
person sort of through the whole thing
and the way that everybody ran a fit
that so many people stayed late so many
people that couldn't stay through the
entire night came ass early I mean it's
just unbelievable and just felt a really
insanely wonderful response this team
I'm realizing not not tonight
in fairness this is an echo of a
realization that I had before that I'm
going through one of the most beautiful
periods of my life right now and this is
just incredible and I'm having so much
fun so that's the team they are
unbelievable this is the result of them
so they did everything and simply told
me where to sit and what to read off the
screen so the team literally killed
themselves to make this incredibly
special beyond what I ever would have
imagined so I won't say that that I
realize this about the team because I
already believe this but seeing it in
action is always thrilling they are
unbelievable I have never seen a team of
people like this before ever in my life
and I've been a part of some incredible
teams but this is very very special the
community you guys were so much more
engaged than I ever could hope for
we set a high-water mark for the number
of people all at once during a live
which was incredibly rewarding so thank
you guys just absolutely mind-blowing
and what did I learn about myself meet
myself and suffering
I actually didn't end up suffering which
is kind of fascinating I expected this
to be way more tiring I thought God that
I would be like sort of making it like
across the finish so I learned that this
engagement with you guys with the team
gives me so much energy that I've never
experienced anything like it before so
that's just being real alright our
giveaway winner is Joe cross Joe cross
congratulations I
Joe was very active in the community
thank you Joe super glad that you won
that's awesome yeah great awesome
question Gabriel next question comes
from kg Barry what's the best way to
change the story you tell yourself how
did you craft that story and what do you
specifically do to keep telling it to
yourself every day so the best way to
change the story that you tell yourself
is really just to make immediate
modifications in the form of imagine
you're writing a story and you say words
exactly like I am the type of person
that gets out of bed in ten minutes or
less I am the type of person that is
willing to suffer for his health I'm the
type of person that would always put the
team the team's needs before my needs
like you you say things like that and
then you have to act in accordance with
that to not feel like a fraud now that's
a major motivator for me if you don't
mind sitting in feeling like a fraud
then then my techniques just aren't
gonna work for you because once I say
like I'm very careful about what I say
okay there are many cool things like I
would love to say I'm the type of person
that does whatever it takes to get yoked
and they just have a crazy physique but
the fact is I don't care enough about it
so I know I'm not gonna stay true to
that so I don't make myself that promise
so I am willing to suffer for longevity
I'm willing to suffer for my health so
there's so many things I want to eat
that I don't need and I always stick to
that and so I feel a deep sense of truth
when I say that to myself or I say that
to somebody else but my physique is an
exact reflection of how much I care
which is some but it isn't like a
fitness model so just keeping it real
so you have to be very careful with that
how do you
mind yourself to say it every day there
should be benefits that come from it so
you should have a compelling future that
you're trying to reach that this new
thing that you've done to your identity
is so important to reaching that
compelling future I mean you're actually
very excited about it you want to get to
it nobody has to remind you so if you're
like you're slogging and you have to
like push yourself and convince yourself
like you don't have a compelling future
so first focus on not get something that
you're really really excited to get to
and then back into what the things are
that you have to change and your belief
system to get there so once you have
that becomes a lot easier to remind
yourself to say it over and over because
it's creating this momentum in your life
is moving towards the thing that you
want all right so this next question
comes from Matthew Greenheck I really
enjoyed the infobar at the bottom of the
screen when we had our inside quest
videos any chance you could bring them
back it was really a great value read we
have we've talked about it but never
gotten very serious about it because it
was oddly enough a fair amount of work
and so we've instead decided to put that
energy into creating additional content
and since we're about to literally
destroy ourselves with an entire new
show and expending what our show notes
because when I didn't SciQuest I don't
think we had like really expansive show
notes they were just like here's a
description and great point yeah great
point so we we all agree and recognize
that it's that it's bad but everything's
a trade-off right so or I shouldn't seem
bad it's worse than it could be but we
believe that we're getting significantly
more value out of the things that we do
choose to put that energy into so
hopefully you agree all right so I'm
like forgetting words right now so our
next question comes from Stacy Smith
this one it's kind of funny there are
people who choose vegetables over cake
[Laughter]
yes because they know some part of them
believes that they're supposed to
depending on what your goals are I would
say it's probably a decent strategy I
would choose vegetables over cake and
the irony is though because I use a
bright line strategy that
decision doesn't even have any cognitive
load for me so I would never choose cake
so there are other ways to offload that
cognitive burden so our next question
comes from Naomi Hernandez much love
from El Salvador what an amazing team
you've built Tom thank you Tom you often
say that you reward yourself when you do
something that makes you proud what
types of rewards are these and how did
you decide on them so they're all like
verbal praise so and it's all internal
I'm not actually saying it out loud but
just when you act in a manner that is
consistent with your identity when you
act in a manner that's consistent with
with what you told yourself that you
were gonna do and you show up and you do
it when you encounter something that's
hard and you have every desire to quit
except for you have a stronger desire to
reach your goal and you push through and
you do it so all of those times I'm
literally saying to my son to be honest
and not really quite words it's like
it's just that sense of yeah I
did it like I said I was gonna do it I
did it I showed up I crushed it I feel
good about that it's not always fully
formed words like that but that's sort
of the sentiment that's running through
my head I may allow myself to tell Lisa
that I did something that I'm really
proud of and that I know show that
she'll reflect that back at me and
congratulate me and she's very good like
if she knows that something's really
meaningful to me she'll like bring it up
a couple times later like I'm really
proud that you did that so cool or she
may even do something cool like this
like I really want to like cook all your
food today I don't want you to get
anything just because I think it's so
amazing that you did like XYZ so that
kind of stuff is super dope and I'm
beyond grateful to have that in my life
yeah so I mean yesterday morning Lisa
cracked my eggs which is really sweet
that's pretty legit yeah yeah all right
so our next question comes from Erika
Iglesias good morning Tom would you say
in a letter
wait what would you say in a letter to
your younger self that's very easy there
is this thing called a fixed mindset you
have it in spades
you believe that your talent and
intelligence are fixed traits and that
they can
be adjusted and so you're about to go on
a really wasteful path of putting
yourself in smaller and smaller types of
places where you feel like the smartest
person when in reality there's this
other thing called a growth mindset and
it's actually true and it is that your
talent and intelligence are malleable
traits and that through discipline
practice that you can really develop
anything and look at one simple fact
we're all born a lump of jell-o that can
hardly hold its own head up and yet we
learn to walk we learn to speak a
language we learn to do all this
incredible stuff and at some point we
stop believing that we can do anything
we set our minds to and if you don't do
that then you can accomplish anything
you set your mind to and I would
obviously be more compelling than that
and I would give some amazing examples
that I would stop and really think about
but that is the only thing that I would
need to communicate to my younger self
the growth mindset alright so our next
question comes from sim land Samantha's
been a hello like super in the feed
alright so what's your favorite moment
from the matrix the my favorite moment
oh wow my favorite moment from the
matrix is God there's two I'll have to
go because every time it gives me the
chills when he spoiler alert when he
rises back up puts his hand out and says
no and all the bullets stop mm-hmm that
every time every time that that's like
one of those things it gives me the
chills like I kind of want to cry and I
want to cry it's one of those moments
every time yeah that feels very
consistent because we had a similar
question and I feel like that was your
answer to it as well I also love the
meeting with the Oracle yes the second
shows alright this next one comes from
Cory G Rhoda well we get more panel
sit-downs similar to one we did with
Modi US House health and will we be
releasing that segment as a podcast
episode well that's interesting I should
never even thought about that
I'm super young - yeah release it as a
podcast I would love to do more things
especially as we get more involved in
health I think those could be really
really useful for people also as we get
deeper into nerd culture getting a bunch
of people on to talk about to take pop
culture seriously is the easiest way to
sort of round it off but yeah I think we
could do some really cool panels here's
the problem with panels they're so hard
to schedule yeah so hard like it's crazy
it's crazy yes and thankfully somebody
else scheduled that one for us right and
I love it because you never think about
how hard it is to schedule and like you
think oh I'll just put together a panel
like super easy no no never liked that
very much not all right so this next one
comes from can't hits who's definitely
been in the field I think there's nine
am kate has been rock so he's like
alright Tom if you're because this is a
live question Tom if you were a young
guy with few responsibilities that was
debating whether or not to drive across
the country for a live two day event for
the sheer ability to surround yourself
with growth minded individuals and
hopefully form deep bronze would you go
before I answer that if this feed is
bringing value to you please share it
that would be amazing this is our final
hour our home stretch we want to get as
many people engaged with this as humanly
possible that would be awesome so please
go right now hit that share button and
get this bad boy out there also I'd love
to know your feedback if you notice I'm
answering these questions very
differently now I'm trying a very
succinct very direct approach every time
I do this as an amis tile the they just
crush so our hope is that it's just a
preferred method for you guys so new
rule for grand prize
these guys are cheeky now you must also
share this video I love it I love you
guys a style with a way to slip that one
in
like tired and like right so would i how
far is he driving across country yeah
cross the country I hear yeah that's
actually yeah if it's the u.s. that's
one thing yeah so I would say there's
okay if it's this one look there are
enough things that are gonna be going on
probably much closer to you that you I
mean sort of no matter where you are
there's are there gonna be one in Texas
there's gonna be one in Chicago there's
gonna be one in New York that's gonna be
one in LA there's there's gonna be a lot
going on so I would say it's very
important to begin networking it's very
important to get around like-minded
people it's very important to join
groups like the impact theory League
which you can do on Facebook stuff like
that we really gonna meet like-minded
people that I think you're gonna be very
beneficial whether you're looking for
somebody to partner up with you in a
future business or just finding people
that are going to be encouraging it's
probably no reason to drive across
country so I think that going to them is
great I just think they happen a lot
they happen all the time and they don't
necessarily need to be massive ones so
you can start something local that maybe
isn't gigantic but is a little more
accessible I think in this case getting
to that balance between quantity and
quality so you going to you know five or
six local events that are of good
quality is probably better than going to
one national event we have to drive
across country and it's like a three day
or four day commitment there's just only
so many people you can meet in a day so
yeah that's my answer
I feel like I would I would push back
just just because it's interesting that
you would say that you would drive
across the country because that in and
of itself is a particular experience
because I feel like flying in it's like
super easy like if you do want to go on
some type of experiential adventure like
that because you could be meeting people
all along the way you never know or
you're joining yes like it's no one
exactly I would I would end up meeting a
bunch of people actually well no this is
just gonna derail I know we have a ton
of questions to get through so another
Q&A will like
/ the story about this like mysterious
dude that me and my friend met who was
from saint-petersburg but like we were
in Panama City Beach and like we had
this like whole almost like soul bond
and then like disappeared never spoke
gym because I broke my phone and I had
lost this number and I was before I had
like an iPhone and get back in
serendipity actually you have to see all
right so if you're out there are
activists spotlight
yeah bring that now so yeah we're gonna
read why all right this one is Matt Kohn
our boy yeah so Tom showed me by example
that the most sustainable and impactful
business model is one that genuinely
seeks to solve meaningful problems at
scale as he said before quest was never
seeking to deliver a delicious
nutritious nutrition bar it was a
delicious bar designed to prevent
disease empowering people to improve
their relationship with food and in turn
their quality of life how can you be
spearheading that mission and not be
radically driven into the world to drop
driven to that world-changing cause
since this advice I've launched multiple
brands and products that have achieved
success I never could have expected
helping me make the transition from a
struggling broke freelancer to a
thriving business owner tom is the goat
Wow well congratulations dude you've
done all that work so sending out a vibe
of inspiration hardly qualifies you know
when you put in the work when you do
those things when you take that risk
like that's all your ownership man but
I'm I'm very honored trust me very
honored that you would send it in and
say kind things so thank you very much
man keep doing the damn thing keep
inspiring other people that's incredible
I love that yes okay and so with that I
feel like we should go to a video
question all right from Joe cross Joe
everyone so this next question comes
from Shaun Watson what's your favorite
guilty pleasure
so I want to answer that honestly I
don't really have guilty pleasures
because all the things that I do I've
found a way like so even videogames
right it's now bonding time with my wife
so that would have that before at least
I started playing that would have been
my answer because it was definitely
selfish time something I did by myself
other than saying that like there are
definitely times where it is legitimate
practice of calming your nervous system
but that edged up hunchy key but now
that we played together it really is
like bonding time and video game time so
that's the only thing yeah also full
disclosure
there are times these days it doesn't
happen very often if my wife is eating
dinner upstairs I might go up for 15 or
20 minutes and if she has a car dashians
on I'll actually be like wait I thought
that they broke up like what's happening
so yeah I'd be be lying that's happened
but it's not nothing I spent a lot of
time on that's fair yeah next one comes
from Philippa Maia
Filipa all right I've been blogging
mainly about my journey positive
attitude and growth mindset I want to
grow my personal brand and platform
because I want to make impact wait yeah
I want to impact people's lives however
I'm terrified of exposing myself I
haven't even put my photo on my blog yet
how do I get over this fear honestly the
only way that you're going to get over
that fear is if you believe that your
content is really helping somebody and
if you believe there is somebody whose
life will be fundamentally altered
forever and for the better because of
the content that I'm putting out you'll
take the risk if your content isn't
quite there yet and you know you have a
lot to learn and they're putting it out
now exposes you makes you uncomfortable
and you're not sure that it's helping
anybody that's where it's like it's
probably better to just double down get
good focus on that don't worry about
exposing yourself and and really focus
on that but at the end of the day it
really like once you're doing something
in service of other people you find that
that's that's
pretty easy it ends up being like a
small price to pay to help somebody and
that I mean that's what I return to when
things get hard I return to like people
like Matt Kohn writing in and saying hey
look this actually really had an impact
or God the ones that really get me you
know I've been struggling with
depression and you're helping me climb
out like those are like whoa because
yeah that that's just incredibly
meaningful so things like that they'll
they'll give you the courage that you
need to get out and do that and if you
don't have it look there's you don't
need to create content you don't need to
be documenting everything you do so if
it makes you uncomfortable like find the
thing that that really lights you don't
fire maybe writing is your jam and you
can use a pen name and you don't have to
be exposed like that nothing wrong with
that and and the content could still
really add a lot of value to people even
if it's just entertainment so keep that
in mind find that thing that resonates
with you all right so this next one
comes from Michael Anthony how did you
assemble the Avengers defenders
guardians level team at impact theory
yeah so this was this was a history cool
this has been a slow burn so started at
Quest so the first real Avenger
obviously outside of my wife was you and
you were oh that's right you were the
first one that we sucked over but you're
right so we had court was it Courtney
first and did you find her baby so I
can't even take credit for Courtney
that's right so my old assistant June
knew Courtney brought her in and then I
think she and Lisa really clicked so
I'll give Lisa full credit for that one
and Courtney is a beast and I'm very sad
that she does not like to be in a lot of
the content so you guys don't get to see
she's absolutely incredible and then you
came before Casey right mm-hmm
okay so we stole you from quest that was
originally your jam and you were like AI
really viable yes you came over and you
were like you survived the gauntlet so
like you legit like I didn't have time
to like really like if I'm a bad manager
now I was really bad then
so everything was just like level like a
million and yeah
it was just like hyper direct if I can
get this done like come on we got a
grind and you just never backed off you
yep God at boom-boom-boom-boom-boom
I know it wasn't easy for you but like
you never you never made that my burden
right you went out you crushed
it and he came back what's next that was
incredible
then I'm just gonna up the whole
timeline forgive me for that but yeah
Christopher again like Jared I think was
the last Jared was definitely the last
while we were there I didn't I was
involved in hiring Christopher so he
came from Courtenay right so it really
is like that would amount to snack yeah
100% so it's what the only thing that I
will take credit for is not being dumb
and making sure that like everybody
stayed together and then now since we've
gotten here it's it is truly been a
group effort and I think the only thing
that I'll take credit for is around
myself I put out a vibe that's it and
people either resonated with that vibe
and stayed or they didn't so that's it
but this this is such a team effort and
I can't tell you how often I feel cheeky
that because I'm the one that the
cameras pointed at that it's I get more
credit than I deserve that's the truth
and this is a team effort
everything that we do that's why I hope
I've had enough like this this 24-hour
thing is the team and I showed up and
read what was on the TV yeah it's just
incredible it's incredible so hire good
people find good people make sure that
they feel good about being here they
will bring in other good people it's
just it's incredible it's the vibe man
you got to create the vibe and every one
of the people here has made this a
unique fingerprint other people that are
here and the company would be
fundamentally different and worse if any
one of the people were swapped out it's
a beautiful place to be yeah I mean I
also feel super grateful for this team
like it's it's super incredible because
I haven't liked really worked in a lot
of
well I guess like I've had some like
corporate experience but like definitely
more non-traditional paths is kind of
what I've been doing and so it's been
really cool to see something that I feel
like I would find in not more
non-traditional roles reflected in a
company like room.we our company you
know so that's been cool so this next
question comes from Micky Jackson who's
definitely been on the feet Hill and the
feet all right so what's the one plate
wait sorry what's the one piece of
advice you have for someone that's
starting out very grassroots I have no
budget and I'm doing it alone but I'm
going to make it happen what would you
tell me about what to do first make sure
that your content is actually valuable
so that's one of those things that like
a it's okay like it takes time it takes
and I have no idea where he's at or
she's at in their journey right so it's
that's hard to say so I just know
universally you need to make sure that
your content is actually adding value
once your content is actually adding
value then what you want to do is start
going out there oh and not you don't
even want to wait for that in
conjunction you want to be reaching out
to people adding value to their
community and then pointing them back to
what you're doing once you really
believe that your content is adding
value and if you've been a meaningful
contributor to their community and you
say hey would you like come check out my
page take a look at what I'm doing if
you've spent the last six months adding
value to their community they're going
to do it so yeah do that make sure your
content adds value and make sure you're
adding value to other people that's
critical and if your content isn't yet
adding value put all of your time and
energy and in fact one of the people
that I hope you guys were paying
attention to was Luis Garcia who talked
about how to get a mentor who talked
about how to get the attention of other
influencers by really going way above
and beyond and by the way if the speed
is adding value please share this video
we are in our final hour so hit that
share button get it out there get as
many people involved in this as we can
all right yes and I also want to point
out that like sometimes having no budget
makes you think super creatively because
that was also a really big thing because
at the time being
inside grass was like part of quest
nutrition and we didn't really make
money it was like a lesser project so my
budget was usually zero to Oh like I
know you had a budget but like just
kidding that's not your budget so you
just have to think super creatively and
you know push your project forward
especially if you believe in it so
that's my two cents on that word down to
our final 20 minutes yeah the final 20
minutes but like so Christophe legit
steam at one point in the future do you
plan to make stuff for other languages
comics in French etc well we've actually
we met somebody at our LA meetup here
who wants to translate our stuff into
Portuguese for the Brazilian market so
right now we aren't prioritizing that
from a budget perspective but when we
encounter people like that we're very
encouraging I would love to see that so
if you have translation abilities let us
know we're very open so yeah and then
there's like a place for you to also
contribute those on YouTube too which we
totally would appreciate most it's just
again not in our project ok so this one
comes from kit home Tom have a great
time in London what's something that you
all you always have to pack when you
travel underwear socks toothbrush
toothpaste yeah from the shoes I guess
is the one like pain in the ass that
even I'm like Jesus I really had to make
shoes a thing when I travel that's like
that's annoying other than that like I'm
gonna try and get away with a carry-on
this time to London because I'm only
there for like four days so hopefully I
can yeah if it wasn't for the Meetup I
definitely be super easy so that's the
only thing that might throw a monkey
wrench but notorious over-packer over
here ok so this next one comes from
Zachary Colette
Tom I've been a passive follower for
wait a passive follower always grateful
for your content
but now a true fans so much respect for
going 24 hours straight and crushing it
yura beasts can I bring you and your
team lunch sometime wow that's insanely
thoughtful we're always down for
kindness so yes thank you all right so
the next question comes from mark weeks
super appreciate that can boner ability
be cultivated is it a skill that can be
acquired or developed vulnerability can
it be developed yes absolutely
read Renee Brown's book really
incredible daring greatly work on
vulnerability and in her TED talk when
she talks about being the man in the
arena I love that that it's not quite a
quotes it's so long but the man
in the arena concept that she really
just embodies beautifully is amazing so
yes definitively you can learn to let
your guard down you can learn to be
strong enough in who you are that you've
got your own true north so you can be
defenseless and and recognize yourself
as the man in the arena and not let the
hecklers you up too much yeah all
right so Gemini cruise later in life
what is one goal yeah what is one goal
you'd feel and like what is one goal
that you would regret if you didn't
accomplish
I only so this is the on this is
actually what came to my mind if I
failed to make Lisa feel like my number
one that's the one thing that would
haunt me yeah the most upset
I've ever been in my entire life was one
time when I upset her so yeah protecting
my wife making her feel good that that
would be horrifying all right so this
next question comes from sim land what
social media strategy has the greatest
impact on the growth of impact theory as
a brand high-value content so that that
really is it so high-value content to
get more useful for you high-value
content that we break into clips and
we get big accounts to share and I think
honestly the thing that's impacted our
Facebook the most are we put out our
content and people steal it and as long
as they tagged us it's insanely
beneficial for us and then also by
stealing our content which by the way
when you take us we don't mind at all
yeah so do you want to take it just make
sure that you link back to us we're
super stoked on that spread that word
that message and then a lot of times
we'll go we'll reach out and we'll build
official relationships with people if we
get results obviously so that's been a
huge win for us huge win for us we
really are the house of virality so
people talk about how you can't engineer
if I rally us we again like we we
go we've gone viral like seven or eight
times so we go viral I think more than
once a month just crazy and
we're defining viral as over a million
so we now have like think about this for
a second we now have this little you
know influencer that nobody's
heard of our shows had over 250 million
views so I mean it's crazy it's crazy
town
so yeah you you absolutely can bring on
amazing guests set them up give them
space to say they're cool which
they will do all day for it in books
about it give them the space to say the
cool and then cut that into clips
and then a hope people steal it as long
as they credit you and if they won't
steal it go and build partnerships with
them coming in - all right that's a week
so originally was gonna be capped at 6
a.m. you want the record to reflect yeah
because otherwise it's a sieve and it
just leaks forever which I'm happy if
that's the case I'll just I'll happily
make sure we answer every question that
came in before 6 a.m. because that was
my promise ok then we will I'll keep
answering until 10 but at 10 I do have a
podcast ok cool yeah I love that yeah
it's great idea love it all right so
let's keep chugging but making sure that
we stay true to what I said yes I agree
with that - that's what I'm talking so
fast and trying to get these
so this one comes from Christi Ratliff
loved all the content Tom thank you for
serving the community with his impact a
thon adding so much value my question is
how do you be a lynchpin employee while
also having great work relationships
with your team I work in a pretty
competitive environment where we all
tend to want to outperform one another
but not in a fun friendly way I want to
foster good relationships but as soon as
I step ahead it seems that I start
getting the cold shoulder so I'm not in
that environment so I can't say for sure
but I will say this if you start
performing like a beast and you turn to
people and say what can I do to help you
and or don't even ask just in a meeting
like when you've got a sincere
compliment to pay them or you've got an
opportunity to help them shine if you
take that opportunity I'm telling you
that it's a winning strategy in the long
run for sure make sure it is sincere
make sure you're never bullshitting
people make sure that it's not fake
flattery but really find sincere ways to
build a reputation as the one who's like
the encourage er the one that's
inspiring other people the one that's
like really encouraging them like a when
you get a negative environment that
should is infectious but so is a
positive environment and if you can find
a small cadre of people and you can
really like build some earned trust over
time because if it's a competitive
relationship but not in a good way it's
gonna take time to really get some
people to realize like whoa like she
actually just actually wants to help and
she wants to take these time to help
other people shine and you may not be
able to dedicate time to helping them
shine but when you notice that
somebody's done something awesome and
you just you're supportive you're the
anti cold shoulder over time I really
believe people are gonna begin to thaw
if you're doing that well like you're
legitimately finding real connection and
all that and you're helping them shine
and you're crushing and doing your work
and people are still I see leave now
that presumes that you're doing it well
and oftentimes people are not but if
truly and honestly you're executing
against that strategy well and it's
still this dog-eat-dog non supportive
environment I would find somewhere else
yeah I agree that so this next question
comes from furrow so Marie knew hey guys
I know this is a simplistic question but
how do you get
to the point where you believe in
yourself and your dreams that you can
make it is it just a case of daily step
by step and it comes by itself you've
got to earn credibility with yourself
and this is something that I think
people really miss out on so why do I
work out in the gym every day even
though I hate it
so other than for health reasons knowing
that I don't like it and I still show up
every day really really earns
credibility with myself doing a 24 hour
live not bulking not hesitating like
really just getting in doing it being
enthusiastic back on the stuff everyone
here tonight over the last 24 hours is
earn credibility with themselves I'm
sure huge credibility everybody showed
up everybody played everybody crushed it
everybody had a great attitude
it's been so much fun I really can't
believe that we're like down to the
final 10 minutes is absolutely crazy so
it's things like that where you're gonna
begin building credibility with yourself
tell yourself you're gonna do something
and then actually do it be very careful
about what you say you're gonna do
because once you say it you need to
actually do it otherwise you're gonna
erode your credibility with yourself and
also this stuff comes from getting good
right when you get good at something and
you know you've got the confidence
because you know you can perform that
you're gonna show up you're gonna
deliver because you have the skill set
that's where you're really gonna begin
to feel good about yourself and look at
yourself like in 10 10 year horizons so
don't look back from you know today to a
year ago look back from today to 10
years ago how far have you come right
and then just think about okay if I keep
this up I keep executing I keep
acquiring skills little by little by
little what's it gonna look like 10
years from now and so next year don't
look back one year say oh I can't
believe I've only come look back again
10 years so it's like that sliding scale
be like wow I've really accomplished a
lot and then I mean look I then shorten
that shorten that shorten that till I'm
looking at my last three hours but you
really need to know like what duration
you need to look at to keep yourself
pushing forward to really get
perspective on what you've accomplished
if you don't do that it just becomes
this corrosive attitude of self
reinforcing negativity so you have to be
very very careful with that comes from
Kathleen Woodbridge how much time do you
take for introspection alone and how
often so I try to do this Monday through
Friday a meditative practice I do it for
about 20 minutes of true like
Just Breathe meditation and then I do
another 20 to 40 minutes depending on
like if I'm really vibing of think it a
ting so so you put that together and
what on a long day it's like an hour's
worth of real introspection some days
it's as short as you know 20 30 minutes
but do you feel that's included with
like your meditation yeah so that's
meditating and think attaining so this
next one comes from Christi rep rep
sorry Ratliff Thom I would love to hear
about how you overcome the feeling of
being overwhelmed Oh overwhelm is the
one that impacts me the least so when
I'm feeling overwhelmed I literally stop
so overwhelmed to me can be addressed
through physicality so when I'm feeling
overwhelmed I slow down as everyone else
is speeding up as the stress is like
piling as it's like I'm realizing that
more and more things to do you can feel
everything ratcheting up including that
pressure and literally you're gonna do
like literally the kinds of things I'm
doing with my body now and so when I
feel it I just that that deep belly
diaphragm breath I let it out and then I
I literally just tell myself like one
thing at a time it's all gonna be fine
and that I find overwhelm will go away
like that so I think for somebody that
isn't meditating it probably stacks
because what you're actually dealing
with is the background radiation and
then somebody hits you with something
that's like stressful and isn't adding
more and yeah you just like camp I can
handle it because you've never taken
your background radiation which all
identify as stress depression anxiety
you've never taken those three to zero
and I and and I believe when you do a
just breathe technique well not not
right just well like you're doing it
you're lowering your heart rate you're
lowering your rate of breathing like
you're lowering that background
radiation if you learn how to do that
and you just keep going keep going keep
going
ten minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes 40
minutes how long do you need to do it
just keep back to your breath back to
your breath back to your breath until
you hit zero I have been in some
insanely stressful situations
insanely anxiety-producing where
millions and
and millions and millions of dollars are
on the line and I've never once failed
to get back to zero so when it's a
really stressful it takes a lot
longer like on a normal day let's say it
takes me five minutes to get in the zone
okay on a super stressful day it might
take me 45 minutes okay but you just
little by little little by little
bringing - just breathe just breathe
just breathe just breathe and you stay
there until you get to zero and if
you've got that discipline like now
you're at a reset right and on really
brutal stuff it might pop back up
relatively quickly but if you can
practice like getting it back down to
zero you're way ahead of the game so
this next one comes from Tom W Brown
when is doing the rock Johnson making an
appearance impact Theory dude trust me
when I say that I think everybody wants
to get Dwayne the rock Johnson so this
is like a Christopher special where we
definitely want to go through him and
not he he's not a big fan when we go
rogue on guests but yeah we'd all love
to have him on and right now the truth
is were too small so he's got a reason
to come on this podcast there were
plenty of people do an amazing they
have a lot bigger followings which is
why we've got to keep building this
follow me so we can get people that have
that kind of reach and but yeah it won't
be long that I promise all right so this
next one comes from Yannick eath ether
Tom are you coming to Vancouver or
Seattle sometime this fall I don't have
any plans right now to be in Vancouver
Seattle I'll go anywhere in the world
where there is a compelling business
reason to go so that's almost always
going to be my answer every now and
there really is somewhere that I'm
already planning to be but for the most
part the answer is when we have a
compelling business reason so either
somebody's invited me to speak there's
an impact of this league there that has
a massive following so things like that
but I'll be doing a lot a lot more
traveling in the coming months yeah for
sure
so this okay all those it this question
because I feel like it's a great
question to kind of and towards the end
of the
twenty-four-hour mine yeah so this one
comes from Sangeetha be Raj Tom how are
you thinking so clearly after 24 hours
straight you can do anything you set
your mind to
I'm telling you I'm telling you it's
real yeah that's it
disciplined focused practice suffering
push push push and then all of a sudden
you get better and better and better
yeah I also feel like we're all a lot of
us have hit that 24-hour mark now and
we're still rocking it yeah everybody
sharp like super surprised and I feel
like we're gonna Jace is like no not me
nope like you were close
oh I feel like something's happening
around the scenes like should we see
that there's there's movement yeah we
ready right we had that we had that mark
all right cool cuz I was like I wanted
an O so announced we're by now cuz it's
been up for yeah so we're about four
minutes until the 24-hour mark which is
very very exciting cameras revealed
pullback we're getting ready I think to
bring everybody in overtime which is
amazing yeah fresh ways from the time we
started preparing yeah
Forsch ways come on let's do it
yes minder everyone so we didn't get to
a lot of questions but we will be
reconnecting to do the rest of them
super quickly so that we honor our word
yep 100% so we will make sure every
question that was answered by six or
that was submitted by 6 a.m. will get
answered that was my promise I'll get
there as many as I can before 10 of the
other ones yes so I have those ones in a
separate list for pretty awesome so
everything that came in before 6 a.m.
you'll have and then
we'll hit some of the other ones if we
have time I love this so I'm gonna take
a picture
Oh Mason whatever anyone's like back
there like stop here nobody well I want
to take this time if we've got two
minutes to let you guys know that one
team I am insanely proud of you guys and
what you've put together this is
absolutely phenomenal and I give you
guys 100% of the credit this has been
amazing and so much fun and then to
everybody out in the community when I
say that we are grateful for you I
really mean that what you guys are
helping us build is absolutely
astonishing there are so many individual
amazing people out there that a shared
our story with that have shared your
story with us
and with each other it's just
unbelievable and thank you guys for
being so supportive of each other which
is something that is just incredibly
incredibly meaningful for us thank you
for engaging in this feed it has been
unbelievable I think it certainly
surpassed my wildest expectations and I
think these guys have as well by the
time there were so many of you at like 3
a.m. I was like oh my god so that is
really really cool thank you guys all
for everything this is amazing and it's
only the beginning I think we do it at
two hundred and fifty to two hundred and
fifty thousand
yeah yeah yeah I mean let's crush like
laughing at stupid simply awesome
alright where's that where's that
countdown 30 seconds like I don't
this is delayed so I'm not well that's
already be there no I'm refreshing it
because my delayed is already late so
I'm just gonna I'm gonna check I know
right
[Applause]
thank you guys so much thank you thank
you thank you and by the way rejoin us
essentially immediately do we need to
cut the feed or can we keep Rocking okay
perfect so thank you for celebrating
with us if you loved every moment of
this and you want to be eligible to win
the grand prize you need to find the
seven Easter eggs that we hid throughout
this whole bad boy and send that to
connected impact Theory comm and also
make sure that you share this feed
otherwise you don't qualify so that's it
share the feed find the 7 Easter eggs
send it to connect at impact Theory comm
and enter to win the $2,000 grand prize
of all the cool stuff that we've been
giving away throughout this bad boy all
the swag ever in the universe my
pleasure
alright alright well we're just gonna
start rolling into a question so you can
be here if you want to so Katrina this
next question comes from Katrina McHugh
McCoy hey thank you so much for the good
value I'd content I learned so much from
you guys here's my question one of the
things that drew me into a relationship
with my boyfriend of two years was his
desire to lead and be self-employed he
has the ability to do to do that be
great at anything he puts his mind to
the problem is he seems unable to focus
and maybe he doesn't believe in himself
how do I be a positive influence to help
him live to his full potential without
crossing the alpha-beta lines I find
myself getting discouraged and maybe
even bitter because I feel so frustrated
that he says one thing but isn't putting
the energy into it wow man what what a
raw question so here's the hard reality
first it starts me meeting with
compassion and really tried to engage
and find out what's going on he is going
to feel threatened by that especially if
he has insecurities around this and
you're gonna have to help him through
that he's really got to see and feel
that you're really trying to help him
identify what's going on help you
identify what's going on and you're
going to have to in that process don't
lead with this but in that process of
really figuring out what's going on
you're gonna have to own and say in a
way that isn't aggressive isn't the
meaning that it does bother you that he
says one thing and he's acting a
different way and this is a minefield
there's no question you already know
that but the only thing that's more
dangerous than saying it is not saying
it so it's gonna come down to your
ability to convey that in a way that
shows love it's gonna be a hard
conversation like just embrace that it's
gonna be difficult at first it's going
to trigger his insecurities and you're
gonna have to be there and help him
through that and not react when he
pushes back and maybe escalates the
situation and feels threat and it pushes
on you and says you know that maybe
you're attacking him or something like
that so you're gonna have to stay like a
rock through that he's got to feel your
compassion through that you've got to
decide how many times you're willing to
be rebuffed because usually people do it
multiple times because they want to see
like it triggers all those insecurities
like abandonment that he's not good
enough for you and so he's gonna need
you to come back and come back and come
back to convince him that that's not the
case and obviously at some point he's
gonna need to work on that and get
better at that and not do that and not
let his insecurities overwhelm him but
my gut instinct is if that's where he's
at he's gonna need some real compassion
as you unpack that together and and
really work through it it's not easy but
it's got to be done this is one of those
times where if you let it go and and I
think we both know that maybe even
bitter is actually really bitter
and if it's not really bitter
today it's gonna be really
bitter tomorrow so you've got to do it
otherwise it will terminate the
relationship there's no question about
it
make sense so this next one comes from
Marcia
else Tova also a pretty raw question hey
guys what's your advice on choosing
between your career and relationship I'm
dating a guy and really like him but
can't shake the feeling that this
relationship is pulling me away from my
dream job and life however I'm hesitant
to let him go and I'm torn between this
relationship and my dream did you have
any doubts when you were dating no this
is something that I was really
aggressive about in our relationship and
so when Lisa and I talked about being
aggressively yourself and this wasn't
something I said in the first date it
wouldn't made sense but as we were I was
really raw and real from you know the
jump and as we were getting more serious
you know one thing that I said was you
can ask me to give up anything but you
can never ask me to give up my ambition
and to really understand what that means
because here's the thing
I know that I need to make her feel like
my number one so there are gonna be
times where I have to choose her over
the business and it's gonna need to be
one of those moments where it's a
meaningful choose and you have to get
good at knowing whether it's it's a
meaningful choose but it's not
destructive to the business right so
understanding where that line is and
then the you need to be able to
articulate why it's so fundamental to
who you are that you couldn't be with
them if they asked you to give up your
ambition because you would cease to be
yourself you would you would be get like
when people say I'm not gonna give up my
friends giving up for somebody who's
truly ambitious giving up that ambition
is way worse it's giving up a piece of
who they are it's giving up a piece of
their identity something that drives
them so even though Lisa is my number
one I would cease to be me if I didn't
have my ambition and I wasn't able to
pursue that so and it's it's a balanced
look and Lisa and I haven't always
gotten it right I think that she's been
a lot better about that than I have and
she's course-corrected with me never
taken it personally always communicated
over communicated you know we really
articulate how something is making us
feel what our needs are and so you're
gonna have to do all of that now if
through all of that articulation you're
still feeling the sense that it's
pulling you away from your dream job and
that just really may be an insight into
where the relationship really is and and
how you feel about it because the truth
is I had exactly one thing
the gaming paws with Lisa and there was
how often she got sick and so I'm a
protector more than a caretaker so I I
was like oh god can I do that much
caretaking
and the answer for me was yes I can and
but I'm glad that I thought through that
I'm glad that I went into that with my
eyes open because there has been
especially in this sort of lost year of
our relationship there was a lot of
caretaking and I wasn't very good at it
and I was very clumsy and that was like
some of the worst times for her because
because that isn't where I shine but
then when I clicked in with okay I need
to solve this problem and go out and
protect and like then I was like okay so
you really have to think through like
what that pull is why you're feeling
that is it something that you can handle
or not because if it if it really is
taking you away from your dream job and
you're even asking that then chances are
that develops into bitterness and
becomes a problem over the long run
I just don't think when you feel like
you're choosing between those two things
I don't think it ever ends anywhere good
so you have to find a way to either
reconcile them or go your separate ways
I think it is very reconcilable by the
way depending on the person and how they
respond but right I think what you were
saying like you have to really honest
conversations with both yourself and
your partner because if it's just that
you guys you haven't asked those
questions in order to discover if
they're also career-oriented or you guys
just work in different places right now
and you're not really connecting in a
way versus maybe their dream life is to
just be on a beach somewhere all the
time and not do anything and you want to
live in a city and like you know be the
CEO or whatever those might not line up
right yeah I feel like those are things
that I'm like always currently thinking
about so I am it the dating scene for
sure alright so this next question comes
from Rosa F Russo's love you guys thank
you so much for sharing and making me
believe there's people thinking like us
around so the question do you believe
that when you click with someone things
come without effort it's not is it not
easy
but maybe and when it's complicated
there's a subconscious reminder to drop
it so no I just because Lisa and I
clicked and we clicked from date number
one that didn't make things easy the
relationship has been a lot of work it's
been the most beautiful endeavor I've
ever undertaken in my life and nothing
nothing has given me more joy than our
relationship but to to say that it we
that it was easy would be really
misleading so I think that the
commitment that you have to
communicating to working on it to
defining terms to rules of engagement to
seeing how that plays out in practice to
the ups and downs that life has the
health the sickness the the emotional
highs the emotional lows the financial
ups the financial des I mean there's
just so much and through all of that
you're gonna be doing a lot of work in
the relationship but the rewards are so
insanely disproportionate to the amount
of work that I mean for me it's like
it's not it's never even crossed my mind
is it worth the amount of effort
absolutely so this next one comes from
Sam Chen hi Tom I feel conflicted about
your thought as a doctor I don't think
we listen enough instead of sympathy
what do you think about empathy so I
think they're a doctor and instead of I
guess what they're trained to do or what
he does or what they do licked it about
something I said though probably within
whatever question we were answering
about doctors and Oh bedside manner so I
feel conflicted about your thought as a
doctor I don't think we listened enough
instead of sympathy that's one side it's
what do you think about empathy well so
the day I'm not sure about the framing
around being a doctor but so I'll answer
the question about sympathy and empathy
I think there's a huge difference I
think sympathy involves having self pity
and I think once you remove self pity
you no longer have sympathy for other
people because that also involves
pitying them and feeling sorry for them
and
I think once you don't allow that in
yourself you realize that there's a much
more profound emotion which is empathy a
real understanding for what they're
going through and how difficult that may
be to meet them with compassion so
empathy and compassion to me are are way
more interesting than sympathy I don't I
don't think people actually want most
people don't want sympathy they'd rather
be understood they'd rather feel that
connection they'd rather feel like wow
this person has a sincere honest desire
to help from the position of I could
very easily be in your exact shoes and I
want to provide for you what I would
want people to provide for me which is
not to what was me cry for me or pity me
but you know want to help so I'm
essentially just defining the difference
between those two words so if that's
sort of where he comes down on empathy
I'm right with him I think that's super
super powerful and forgive me for not
fully understanding yeah missing the
little context probably based on
whatever conversations we were having
earlier so apologies for that so this
what next one comes from Brady per year
when you started quests you had to build
out your own manufacturing as opposed to
using and co manufacture what are the
benefits and pitfalls of running your
own manufacturing versus the benefit of
a co manufacture so for us there really
wasn't an option so the co manufacturers
weren't prepared to roll the dice on an
upstart company that was that would
require we never asked them quite
frankly we moved on but would have
required them to change their equipment
and so they were just looking at the
formula and thinking well all the
equipment that we have and all the
equipment that we know of would never be
able to run this so you're gonna have to
make changes so the the benefit to being
our own manufacturer in that specific
case was the product could be made so it
was a zero to one like it was either not
gonna exist or we were gonna become our
own manufacturers now as we've matured
we actually outsource some of the
production of things because there are
one we've actually had an impact on the
industry and now more people can make
products like ours because that
equipment now exists and then there's
efficiencies that go along with that
they're taking all the burden of the
employment which
is especially in manufacturing can be a
pretty big burden so it really is we
never would have been our own
manufacturers if we didn't absolutely
have to because you're 99 times out of
100 you're way better off leveraging
somebody who's already built out the
facility they have all the
certifications they've got all that
stuff in place and is it is inhuman the
amount of people and knowledge and
know-how and expertise that it takes to
build a manufacturing plants crazy and
then the sheer volume of square footage
is absolute insanity when I think about
what we built it's nuts
it is not hundreds of thousands of
square feet I mean just like as far as I
can see it's like people and warehouse
and equipment it was crazy
I used to just film somebody this is
surreal like how are the three
of us done this crazy yeah so outsource
it if you can cuz it's a lot of work if
you don't alright so the next one comes
from Carla I I love y'all alright what
about when there's no passion people say
you will find it eventually but mean
what meanwhile I live like a zombie
question Mike what is there to do and
how do I activate my brain to truly find
it so looking for their passion feels
like they're living like a zombie what
are the things and steps that she can do
to make that passion one realize that
you don't find your passion you build
your passion that that's just so
important so you don't discover you
develop that that is such a critical
distinction and so many people fail to
realize that it and it's literally just
the language we use it's so easy to say
Oh find your passion so I get it I fell
into that same trap but the reality is
you don't you're going to develop it as
you look inward you're gonna find little
sparks of interest if you look inward
and you see no sparks of interest you
need to encounter a lot of new things
and find the things that create those
little sparks of interest you pursue a
spark of interest far enough to see if
it develops into a real interest or
fascination if you find yourself deeply
interested in fascinated then you go
down the path of gaining mastery of
actually getting good at that as you
travel down that path of
mastery you'll find out whether you are
interested enough to fight through the
boring parts and all that and it's in
that gaining of the mastery that it
really develops into a passion I don't
think there is passion without that real
mastery and if you read Cal Newports
book God which one is it in yes thank
you Jesus
get survey they can't ignore you in that
he details that whole philosophy about
how in going through the process of
gaining mastery that it either will or
will not turn into a passion so for a
real deep dive check that book out cool
all right so this next one comes from
ionic ether I'm an actor my buddy who's
also an actor and my personal Morpheus
and I are constantly talking about the
audition process there's got to be a
better way of doing this hiring process
if there were hack I feel like this one
was meant for Dan do you feel like you
have any expertise in acting in
auditions yeah
alright so this next one comes from
Mickey I have good luck though yeah
going with some confidence have fun you
know who you should check out pressing
smiles yeah he did a whole thing I'm
like finally getting work and he
realized that it was all about play and
being confident having fun but I'm
literally just parroting him pressing
smiles
yeah great check out so the next
question comes from Jarek tape oh wait
no we did that discovering that you
already found
ok so Joan Clement Oliver what education
would you like your kids to have if you
were to have kids I mean what would they
do in school Oh God so because I'm not
having kids I can't tell you how little
I think about the the school system and
when I hear people talk about it I think
wow I'm glad that I don't have kids
going through the school system and I
will say that it seems like from the
outside just a deeply flawed system like
when I think back to my own time and
when I think back as to what has been
valuable as an entrepreneur there
they're just night and day different I
think that Jay salmon has some really
interesting inside so for a much more
meaningful
discussion I would check out him he's
got this book disrupt you if I remember
right he goes pretty into like what
education should look like but basically
it's gonna be around problem-solving so
finding a way to like if you put a gun
to my head and said you have to
revolutionize education and we're gonna
give you six billion dollars to do it
that actually by the way would be enough
and I would hire game designers and I
would say let's find a way to really
build out curriculum that uses game
mechanics that uses the game of fight
experience where it's that addictive
quality you want to go back go back go
back come back and just like a video
game where you can like let's say you
and I start playing a video game at the
same time and you like crush it you
finish it like eight hours and I'm over
here and it takes me like six weekends
and I'm just chipping away get a little
better a little better a little better
but I can still finish it too right so
just because you finished it first
doesn't mean that I can't get an even
better score than you because that's the
way the video games work right like
you've got to keep doing them keep doing
them keep doing them until you can
actually execute against that stuff so
imagine that math was like that right
that it was all these things that
stacked on themselves and once you beat
this then you could beat that but you
needed to remember this in order to do
that thing and like they all work
together so I think game mechanics
problem solving is is going to become
the future of Education if I had to
guess and then there's gonna be a strong
component of AI my sister's actually
playing with some chat BOTS and doing
some really interesting things around
that what that could look like and how
that can interface with education so
it'll be really cool to see what what
comes that it's a super interesting
feels like education are always like
super behind even though they're like
training you for the future which is
kind of weird so this next one comes
from San check Sam Chen I'm trying to
get a blog and podcast off the ground
I'm like Tom with lots of ideas what
advice do you guys have to on avoiding
shiny okay what's happening is you're
you think that there is a path that is
right and so you're trying to find that
path so when something new comes along
it's like oh actually this is a little
better and so I should probably be doing
that
instead of realizing the only magic
element in getting something done is
picking and sticking with it so
literally
you whatever the date is gonna be pick a
date you say I'm gonna have my answer by
then you have up until that point to
find a better idea but whatever on that
date you're gonna ride that
horse and you're gonna take it to
completion it's that simple and you just
have to understand that your brain is
gonna try to convince you that this new
thing is better you have your horse
you're gonna write it to the finish and
if that finishes the failing of the
business fine we can handle that
but what we can't handle is yet another
business that we don't actually launch
or blog podcast whatever the case may be
so getting it out there that we're gonna
do you can iterate over time for sure
but people stop themselves it's like oh
no this is better owner this is better
and they like get 10% of the way through
a hundred different projects and never
get anything across the finish line yeah
get it across the finish line that's
what matters
very true yeah sorry so the next it's
just started thinking about that so this
next question comes from Gong kala gon
Carlo Kosta question for you Tom do you
plan your meals for the week or do you
have or do you just eat whatever you
want within what your diet allows you
oh man I so wish that were true so I
planned them out like intellectually I
know what I'm gonna eat but I like will
order a burger that day and I cut them
in half and I have half like one day and
half the next or depending on what I'm
doing maybe half in the morning in half
at night and then I eat like quest chips
and quest key toe cups and so most of
the stuff is already in the house safe
for one meal maybe a little bit less
than one meal a day on average yeah and
but it's I'm so regimented I eat the
same thing every day at the same time so
it's it's all pretty pre-programmed yeah
which is really impressive to me so this
next one comes from Michael Anthony and
I think he's referring to the vestibular
team device yeah it's not actually
called that name we like it's
technically it's called mo Deus
so the it's the vestibular system is
what you're stimulating so yeah its
vestibular stimulation okay so that
device yep
how does that simulation feel to you is
it like floating literally like being in
a car it feels exactly like you're in a
car and so imagine you're but I one of
the reasons I wanted to do it while I
was having the conversation with Jason
is I wanted people to see like no
discomfort it's not hard to like have a
conversation you literally what's that
like you do this right yeah do it every
day yeah so it even though you're not
moving this is what it feels like and
that's it right so it's like this this
slow sort of gentle rocking motion like
you're turning but I don't get any sense
of car sickness or anything like that
it's just like a super gentle sway now I
crank mine so I got one of the developer
kits yeah that I could turn this
all the way up and I can
use it for as long as I want so I've
sort of sidestep some of the the
regulations on this one so I'm cranking
this thing all literally so if you're
putting it on like one of the lower
levels you probably won't even feel it
other than like you do feel if they come
right where you said it yeah you feel
like the little tick of the electricity
so but other than that you like anything
you get so used to it like I'll forget
like is it on so sometimes like when I'm
turning it up it's because I'm like
there's no way this is still going but
it's just cuz you you really start to
get useful now if you try to like if
you're walking around you do feel like
you're walking in a slowly moving car so
like there is that slight sense of it
messing with your balance you definitely
don't want to drive while you're wearing
it because it's it's messing with your
balance system so you wanna like be
cognizant don't drive heavy machinery
and stuff like that but it's not
throwing you around it once again yeah
interesting
so this next question comes oh this is
also about the modus health device if
the head device if it stimulates the HT
the hypothalamus is if that's what he's
asking or he may say HPA he's HT to
think you're active when just sitting
there
thereby tricking the body into producing
the setpoint kena device reverse that
functionality for a person to gain
weight and/or muscle while only moving
at their setpoint average math equation
that said to Jane really I'd be really
interested - station if there's any
literature on that I'm gonna guess that
the answer is no because what it's doing
is telling your body that it's moving a
lot so there's no way - via stimulation
I'm guessing I'm guessing I'm guessing
but this just makes so much sense to me
there's no way via stimulation to tell
your body oh I'm still right it's the
absence of stimulation that tells your
body that you're still so my gut
instinct is no and if you have trouble
putting on weight
let's Jean swap because oh my god the
grass is always greener I would so love
to have that problem that would be
amazing
every I want to ask drama how he stays
so like he's admittedly a little skinny
but homie is like lean like that kid
does not suffer from obesity in the
slightest I was like how how like is he
just that maybe he's that disciplined
right maybe he's got it and it's Here I
am that that's like ah pizza and
chips all day and secretly he's doing
like six hours of cardio I have no idea
but I used to skateboard terribly I
might add and I have no grace I'm devoid
of grace can't well have her thing
skateboarding I would not mind but I
loved it so much I skipped around so I
could get to the before six and Russian
so I'm returning
so if we finished all exam mm-hmm nice
because some of the other ones were
specifically for guests oh okay
yeah okay exam one yeah and forgive us
if we didn't ask your question while the
guest was still here yes very much
apologize for that we'll try to get it
because I'm like some of these ones I
feel like if we could get to like Jason
like me yeah well one hopefully I'll be
seeing Jason I know he'd love to come
back and we need a a more informal show
laid out because I know like some of
these were really great questions and
unfortunately we didn't get to them when
the guest was here and so we apologize
for that a hundred percent
so hopefully you still enjoyed the
conversations that were happening and
one more time onto the bridge with the
grand prize name or I should say
identify all seven of the Easter eggs
that we hid throughout this live event
literally from back in the first hour to
all the way through to the last hour
there are somewhere in there seven
Easter eggs and I will give you a hint
my changing of shirts is not one Cindy's
changing of Wardrobe is not one the dogs
coming on in outfits are not ones so it
is other things so be sure to check them
out let us know if you find them send
them to connect at impact theory calm
and be sure to share this feed is that
is also a qualifying element all right
so this next one comes from Trey Frank
Howser Tom how do you suggest contacting
individuals to learn from them not so
much as a mentor as great as that would
be but to hear the knowledge that they
may not be able to put into their books
so as a mentor like getting so if you're
looking for one-on-one interaction with
information that's not available in
their books like you're either asking
for a private lecture or you're asking
essentially for mentorship and I think
just trying to sort of like dial it back
and not make it seem so egregious like
one imagine this for a second so imagine
you reach out to somebody and they've
got 50,000 followers they're probably
getting hit up four or finds it four or
five times
even at 50,000 right so now imagine like
I consider myself a very very small
influencer at this point obviously gonna
be a lot bigger soon but that I I think
just from a numbers perspective but
ecosystem wide were at 300,000 so you
can imagine I'm getting hit by 10 15 20
people a day every day that want me to
do something one-on-one with them so
that just from a time perspective is
unconscionable to spend that time on a
one-on-one basis like really breaking
things down and taking people deep
that's why it's like if you ask me a
simple question I'm gonna give it to you
right there in the DM I'm super grateful
for the reach out for the connection
love that but if you're looking for like
hey what are like the 10 tips and tricks
that you left out of your book that's
like okay well hit me up with that
during a live write so that we can have
an equal exchange of value I need
questions to bring value to the
community I want all of them to be able
to hear it so now you're engaging with
me it's really making the feed feel
lively I'm super grateful for that so
now it's like we've got an equal value
exchange also it doesn't take me as long
to say it as it's going to take me to
type it so understanding like that like
where can you be bringing equal value
and understanding like put your ask in
context of all the other things that
they're doing and that's going to get
you a much better rate so one I'll just
tell you when you write an influence or
keep it short because a lot of people
write to them and when I see those like
long I G DMS that literally like scroll
Scroll scroll it's like whoa like there
are times where cuz I really want to
reply to everybody so I'll be like okay
I'm gonna answer this guy I just need to
go do whatever first get lost that's how
that's how I end up like not answering a
lot of you know because they're just
like slightly too long for me and then
I'll just forget bad it's between like
two minutes and like 4 months from now
getting any money sometimes and then to
like give an example maybe for context
my sister like has reached out to
authors like after reading their book to
like have them maybe clarify a piece of
research that she saw in there or
you know follow-up in that regard and it
wasn't necessarily seeking a mentor it
was just kind of being like I really
loved your book like this made me think
so I feel like that is also usually like
an acceptable method I think one of our
guests even mentioned doing something
like that but as you said yeah as you
said you probably shouldn't deep dive to
be like I want to fake ask you a
question so you can be like my 101 man
yeah all right so this next question
comes from Tim Smith do you have any
tips on balancing working in your
business versus working on your business
yeah Wow
so I'm assuming you read Michael Gerber
is the e-myth revisited I think that's
one of the most important books for any
upstart entrepreneur to read like that
book is so critical not to get sucked
into exactly that right where you're
just working in your business in your
business in your business all the time
ah man that that's an 80/20 if you're
spending more than 20% of your time
working on your business unless you're a
solopreneur it's so dangerous like
you've really got to get out you've got
to be thinking how do I grow this how do
i scale this how do i monetize this
otherwise you're gonna get just stuck in
that hamster wheel of you're taken care
of today's duties and never getting any
farther than that so that that is a
dangerous game got to find a way even if
that means bringing on a partner you've
got to find a way you can't be spending
all of your time awesome and without
knowing it you answered our last
question Wow amazing guys thank you so
much what an incredible experience this
has been just insanely insanely grateful
to you guys for showing up for engaging
this is really an absolutely incredible
we feel very supported around here and
hopefully you guys got a ton of value
out of this we certainly tried to make
it entertaining as well as informative
and I really am excited to get your
feedback on some of the new segments
that we tried what did you like what did
you not like what would you change that
the feedback the feedback would be so
useful so let us know what you think
that would be amazing all right if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
so much
[Applause]
you